what is going on guys my name is Jericho
and welcome to white noise this is the
next episode of fuck this game and we're
playing it on the Xbox for once my
friend rhyme style pointed out this game
it's an indie game it's supposed to be
scary like slender they've got special
mods I don't even know what this is so
we're just gonna get going it looks a
little freaky I'm a little bit weren't
worried so gotta find all the tape
recorders flashlights on and off
run this right trigger I turn about as
fast as a guy in a wheelchair so this is
all great and this is it
let me turn up the volume so I get the
absolute shit scared out of me one play
that's guy what the fuck what is that
the danger is that the danger I don't
know what that I mean it's a ghost
clearly but it's not the danger I don't
know what's going on but I'm going over
here because I bet you there's something
that involves a tape recorder over
yonder in the Paw Paw patch and it looks
like it's just a bunch of ruins though
and that's disappointing to me because
was hoping for something a little bit
more flashing you know this is just some
shit and I'm really I don't know what to
expect at all
this isn't like slender where there's a
guy chasing you I don't think I honestly
have no idea what I'm doing and the
night sky is beautiful it looks like
it's almost sunrise which is great does
that means the Sun's up soon and I wish
it didn't look like a 1940's television
on my screen seriously what is with this
fuzz don't we have glasses for that what
the hell great I'm already towards the
edge of the course and I have no idea
what I'm doing and there's no one
following me yet that is
this looks like a scary little rock over
here this looks promising hell yeah
what is this I don't know I hear a lot
of static though sounds like we're
getting closer to a TV
it honestly does we're getting up that's
at a radio what is this that is it's a
radio OH
what what what what whoa whoa stop with
the visit the noises and stuff what is
that thing was that the thing was that
the thing it was creepy and looked very
manly I was like you look a little bit
like Arnold Schwarzenegger has anyone
told you that I'm sure they have it I
hop what there it is forget oh it
teleports oh oh this is no good this is
not what I signed up for this is not
what I signed up for how am I supposed
to get that if it's just teleporting in
front of me and making these loud noises
every second I need to go back don't
kill me it's creepy man stop I see you
teleporting I don't care I would have
taken its my bitch it's mine why is it
where is it
god that's the worst go I'm out of
breath already I need to really endure I
need endurance training
okay all right well it just scares you a
little bit because if it makes us loud
noise in it and then a friggin teleports
right to your face and I would have the
same and it's just like what is this
there's a dragon
hell yeah it's a dragon look at it go
doing dragon things
my flashlight is blinking this causes me
to worry because it would seem that it's
running out of batteries which is
essential to have in a location that is
completely dark like the one I'm in if
you would stop all right I guess we
won't we just won't see that's fine if
Ray Charles can do what we can do it
right guys
right no okay just search him for that
it's not teleporting anymore
I hear another
I'm here another one okay hello all
right I got it
yay so this is good as long as it you
know as long as this this creepy thing
just remains away from me I hear another
one is it over here in this house that I
don't want to go in it is isn't it it's
inside the house Wow Wow okay alright
fuck this game this is ha ha okay well I
guess it's a lot like slender we're
freaks out and it deserves you
my controller ended up over there you
see and there's my head step down there
stuff oh that's great that's the
greatest I need to reclaim these you
know what I like how you can hear the
radios it kind of gives you like this
nice little haptic feedback you know
you're like oh there must be radio over
here because it sounds like a bunch of
crap and usually I'm right I hear it
it's over there and we're getting
started with the first uh the first
radio that's conveniently attached to
this rock so last time we took over the
left-right
I hear another radio over here is it in
the same area it's really loud and
they're just playing static why are
these imperative for me to grab like it
why do I need to grab these radios these
radii these radiuses I squared 2 pi R
now I'm just reciting there it is now
I'm just reciting that's it disappearing
it is you just disappear faster man
shaking my controller and shit why are
there Roman things on the ground like
these these heads and things these are
not for consumption why are you why are
you so Massey Oh already what is the
what there's no rhyme or reason to that
it just it just it I've been in 30
seconds and it was like God thank you
guys for watching my name is Jericho if
you guys want to check out white noise a
tale of horror go ahead and check that
it's only 80 Microsoft Points to
download pretty fun I don't like these
types of games I play them because it's
hilarious but if you're into that this
game is definitely something you might
want to check out no co-op or anything
like that it's basically slender but
anyways I'll see you guys later thank
you for watching my name is Jericho if
you enjoyed please let me know the like
or comment and I'll talk to you guys
soon into the most epic video I've made
this year it's time for me to shoutcast
5v5 recruit level bots what is going on
guys my name is Jericho I will be your
host for the first annual